Add naming blog post (#1714)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/names-in-pulumi/index.md

---
title: Names in Pulumi
date: 2019-09-10

> meta_desc: "Answers to your questions about names in Pulumi."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Answers to your questions about Infrastructure as Code Resource Naming."
```
